Add warning against using element IDs as global properties. (#39422)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/reference/global_attributes/id/index.md

const content = window.preamble.textContent;
```

> [!WARNING]

> > While elements with `id` attributes are treated as global properties on the `window` object, depending on this behavior is dangerous and discouraged. It can lead to unexpected conflicts with some browser existing or future APIs. Use `document.getElementById()` or `document.querySelector()` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Relying on this behavior is dangerous and discouraged. It can lead to unexpected conflicts with some existing or future APIs in the browser. For example, if browsers add a new global property called `preamble`, then the same code will no longer be able to access the HTML element. Use `document.getElementById()` or `document.querySelector()` instead.
```

>
> For example, if we had an element with an `id="performance"`, the following code would've worked before the introduction of Performance in modern browsers:
>
> ```html
> <h3 id="performance"></h3>
>
> <script>
>   performance.innerHTML = "Well Done!";
>   performance.style.backgroundColor = "green";
> </script>

> > ```

Reviewer: I suggest removing this because we can directly build upon the `preamble` example
